r
with the playful action the residents of the post ask the municipality and province
measures against the increased traffic pressure
That is why a number of dangerous situations were re-enacted today
a truck driver until the club really runs every
road user with a tip
in value
yes, he wants emmen to live in the neighborhoods, but very often I don't have any more
coming upstairs
the weather seems like something
naja I both no longer
a whore the eggs or pop the thief 2 yes very unusually clear
this year will be resumed after it becomes today
the four film all
yes that people come to sit because of problems and blue unsafe
For the residents of the post, the traffic pressure in the village has been around for years
a source of concern and annoyance
the n360 the main traffic artery between groningen and delfzijl that is possible
house price is the village
there we are halfway groningen delfzijl the only village baarn the bus bridge
about tents to search for with a trip
and that is getting busier and lorries being diverted by the future
and they are now not looking for anything at all through the problem
dangerous situations are recorded from the air
the photo will be the last in traffic so that it will be processed soon
is handed over to municipalities and province, we want in the first instance
strive for a 30-kilometer zone that will become safer
that something is being done about the footpath and the long one
Term endeavors to judge two people already that traffic is here now
has nothing to look for on the web
of course the action of today is to make somewhat rash according to the
local residents have to do something quickly, my children I absolutely did not want it
come alone
with a view to safety
and with the increased traffic pressure, the chance of damage at home is considerable
and then we get to work out further
we want to cook there
luckily my car has it
No